Update ghost.mdx (#8518)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/cms/ghost.mdx

### Installing dependencies

> To connect with Ghost, install the official content API wrapper [`@tryghost/content-api`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tryghost/content-api) using the command below for your preferred package manager: （If using typescript, don't forget to add the types）

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect with Ghost, install the official content API wrapper [`@tryghost/content-api`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tryghost/content-api) using the command below for your preferred package manager, and optionally, a helpful package containing type definitions if you are using TypeScript:
```
